Feature/strict types (#6)
laminas/laminas-server: docs/book/v3/reference/migration.md

# Migration to version 3.0

However, starting in this version, we offer a few changes affecting the
following that you should be aware of, and potentially update your application
to adopt:

- [PHP 7.2 support](#php-7.2-support)

> - [Strict typing](#strict-typing)

Reviewer: Please remove these links because the documentation theme creates already a table of contents with links.

Example: https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-config/intro/

Author: Removed.

## PHP 7.2 support

Starting in 3.0 this component supports only PHP 7.2+.

## Strict Typing

Argument type declarations have been added. Passing a wrong argument type which

> previously might have worked, will not raise a TypeError.

Reviewer 2: typo: "will now"?

Author: Good catch.

# Migration to version 3.0

> However, starting in this version, we offer a few changes affecting the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Starting in version 3.0, we offer a few changes affecting the
```

Author: ✔

following that you should be aware of, and potentially update your application
to adopt:

## PHP 7.2 support

Starting in 3.0 this component supports only PHP 7.2+.

## Strict Typing

Argument type declarations have been added. Passing a wrong argument type which

> previously might have worked, will now raise a TypeError.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
previously might have worked will now raise a `TypeError`.
```

Author: ✔
